                                    Credits
                                    -------


Affiliates For All contains code and images from certain other open source
projects.  This file gives credit to these other open source projects and also
includes any legal notices which are required by their licence terms.

The Affiliates For All licence terms can be found in the file called COPYING.
The terms in COPYING apply to the whole of Affiliates For All, except for some
of the files which came originally from other projects; see below.

I would like to thank the authors of the packages whose code is included in
Affiliates For All.  Affiliates For All would have been a much poorer product
if you had not been generous enough to make your work open source.


Affiliates For All is subject to the following licence conditions.


    Copyright (c) 2008 Metathinking Ltd.

    Affiliates For All is free software: you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
    published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
    License, or (at your option) any later version.

    Affiliates For All is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with Affiliates For All.  If not, see
    <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


http://jquery.com/

Affiliates For All includes code from the jQuery package.  JQuery contained the
following copyright notices:


    jQuery 1.2.6 - New Wave Javascript

    Copyright (c) 2008 John Resig (jquery.com)
    Dual licensed under the MIT (MIT-LICENSE.txt)
    and GPL (GPL-LICENSE.txt) licenses.


and


    jQuery UI 1.5.2

    Copyright (c) 2008 Paul Bakaus (ui.jquery.com)
    Dual licensed under the MIT (MIT-LICENSE.txt)
    and GPL (GPL-LICENSE.txt) licenses.

    http://docs.jquery.com/UI


JQuery uses GPLv2.  Accordingly, Metathinking Ltd elected to license jQuery
under the MIT licence.  Because this licence is compatible with the GPLv3, we
are able to include jQuery files in Affiliates For All.  The MIT licence
requires that we include the following notice:


    Copyright (c) 2007 John Resig, http://jquery.com/

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
    a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
    "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
    without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
    distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
    permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
    the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
    included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
    EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
    NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
    LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
    OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
    WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


http://www.makko.com.mx/gdgraph/

Affiliates For All includes a modified copy of the GDGraph package.  This
package contained the following copyright notice:


    Copyright (C) 2006  Makko Solutions

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
    as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
    of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
    02110-1301, USA.


Although this copyright notice refers to GPLv2, it permits licensing under a
later version.  Metathinking Ltd chooses to license this code to you under the
GPLv3.

In accordance with the GPL, Metathinking Ltd notes that it modified GDGraph
on 12th August 2008.


http://hplip.sourceforge.net/

Affiliates For All includes images taken from the hplip package.  This package
contained the following copyright notice:


    (c) Copyright 2001-2008 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307 USA


Although this copyright notice refers to GPLv2, it permits licensing under a
later version.  Metathinking Ltd chooses to license these images to you under
the GPLv3.


http://phpxmlrpc.sourceforge.net/

Affiliates for All contains files from XML-RPC for PHP.  This package contained
the following copyright notice:


    Copyright Â© 1999,2000,2001 Edd Dumbill, Useful Information Company

    All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

	* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

	* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
	  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
	  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

	* Neither the name of the "XML-RPC for PHP" nor the names of its
	  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
	  this software without specific prior written permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
    AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
    ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
    ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
    DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
    SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
    CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
    LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
    OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
    DAMAGE.


Because this licence is compatible with the GPLv3, we are able to include
XML-RPC for PHP files in Affiliates For All. 


http://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/php-gettext/

Affiliates For All includes code from the php-gettext package.  This package
contained the following copyright notice:

   Copyright (c) 2003 Danilo Segan <danilo@kvota.net>.
   Copyright (c) 2005 Nico Kaiser <nico@siriux.net>

   This file is part of PHP-gettext.

   PHP-gettext is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
   (at your option) any later version.

   PHP-gettext is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   GNU General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
   along with PHP-gettext; if not, write to the Free Software
   Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA

Although this copyright notice refers to GPLv2, it permits licensing under a
later version.  Metathinking Ltd chooses to license this code to you under
the GPLv3.
